
For Immediate Release
Contact: The Apache Group - apache@apache.org

      APACHE GROUP ANNOUNCES THE WORLD'S MOST POPULAR WEBSERVER

INTERNET - April 3, 1996 - The Apache Group today announced that their
popular webserver, Apache, was found by the Netcraft Web Server Survey
to be the most popular server on the Internet. The latest Netcraft
survey found that Apache and its derivatives claimed a 29% marketshare
as of April 1st, making it more used than any other webserver on the
market. The NCSA server, which had previously held the number one
position, now holds a 26% share of webservers surveyed.


Speaking of Apache's competition in the packed World Wide Web server
arena, Apache Group developer Alexei Kosut remarked, "While
commercial servers are limited by profit margins and corporate
politics, a free server like Apache is limited only by the
imagination." In fact, the Apache Group is working furiously on a new
version of their server, which Kosut promises will have "more new
features than you can shake a stick at."

Sameer Parekh, President of Community ConneXion, Inc., commented on
the Apache server's suitability for high-security applications, "Time
and time again security incidents on the Internet have shown the
importance of having source code available for the deployment of
secure Internet and Intranet applications. Apache is an excellent
example of the kind of product which is suitable for high security
applications, since the source is provided with the product allowing
full scrutiny of its implementation."

Apache is now being backed by full commercial support by a number of
companies.  Mark Cox, Technical Director of UK Web Ltd., commented
"Sometimes organisations are hesitant to use unsupported software, but
with commercial support they can have the peace of mind they require."

"The Netcraft Web Server Survey has become a huge exercise in network
exploration" said Mike Prettejohn, director of Netcraft, a British
internet services company, "we are learning a great deal". The April
Netcraft Survey found more than one hundred fifty thousand servers on
the Internet, and the full survey results can be reached at
http://www.netcraft.co.uk/Survey/.

The Apache Group is a collection of volunteers dedicated to the
development of a high-quality webserver for deployment throughout the
World-Wide-Web. The Apache Group prides itself on the available
source, open development environment, and fast bugfix turnaround.
Information, documentation, binaries, and source for Apache is
available from the Apache Server's main web site, at
http://www.apache.org/

